$NetBSD: CHANGES-pkgsrc-2022Q4,v 1.1.2.8 2023/01/26 20:02:05 bsiegert Exp $

Changes to packages and infrastructure on the 2022Q4 branch:

Pullup ticket #6709 - requested by he
lang/clang: NetBSD build fix

Pullup ticket #6711 - requested by gdt
misc/raspberrypi-userland: build fix

Pullup ticket #6712 - requested by gutteridge
net/tcpreplay: security fix

Pullup ticket #6713 - requested by gutteridge
devel/ccache: i386 build fix

Pullup ticket #6714 - requested by gdt
sysutils/xentools415: NetBSD 10 build fix

Pullup ticket #6715 - requested by gdt
lang/elixir: build fix

Pullup ticket #6716 - requested by taca
devel/ruby-manpages: build fix
+ dependent updates

Pullup ticket #6717 - requested by taca
lang/php81: security fix

Pullup ticket #6718 - requested by taca
lang/php82: security fix

Pullup ticket #6719 - requested by taca
lang/php80: security fix

Pullup ticket #6720 - requested by gutteridge
lang/python27: security fix

Pullup ticket #6722 - requested by taca
www/ruby-rails-html-sanitizer: security fix

Pullup ticket #6721 - requested by wiz
emulators/mame: bugfixes

Pullup ticket #6723 - requested by tsutsui
x11/qt6-qtbase: i386 build fix
lang/gcc9: dependent update

Pullup ticket #6710 - requested by bsiegert
security/libksba: security update

Pullup ticket #6724 - requested by bsiegert
lang/ruby31-base: build fix

Pullup ticket #6725 - requested by nia
www/firefox102: security fix
www/firefox102-l10n: dependent update

Pullup ticket #6726 - requested by taca
net/bind916: security fix

