$NetBSD: CHANGES-pkgsrc-2021Q4,v 1.1.2.16 2022/03/04 10:29:36 bsiegert Exp $

Changes to packages and infrastructure on the pkgsrc-2021Q4 branch:

Pullup ticket #6556 - requested by leot
www/webkit-gtk: add missing dependency

Pullup ticket #6557 - requested by he
graphics/graphviz: PowerPC build fix

Pullup ticket #6558 - requested by he
emulators/compat90: fix for PR pkg/56597

Pullup ticket #6559 - requested by sborrill
www/e2guardian: build fix

Pullup ticket #6560 - requested by tnn
lang/wasi-compiler-rt: build fix
lang/wasi-libc: build fix
lang/wasi-libcxx: build fix

Pullup ticket #6566 - requested by gdt
NEWS: documentation fix

Pullup ticket #6565 - requested by gutteridge
lang/wasi-libcxx: build fix

Pullup ticket #6567 - requested by morr
www/wordpress: security fix

Pullup ticket #6568 - requested by nia
audio/lmms: NetBSD bugfix

Pullup ticket #6569 - requested by tnn
cross/aarch64-none-elf-gcc: NetBSD 9 build fix
cross/arm-none-eabi-gcc: NetBSD 9 build fix

Pullup ticket #6569 - requested by tnn
cross/aarch64-none-elf-gcc: NetBSD 9 build fix
cross/arm-none-eabi-gcc: NetBSD 9 build fix

Pullup ticket #6570 - requested by gutteridge
www/webkit-gtk: NetBSD 9 build fix, PR pkg/56604

Pullup ticket #6571 - requested by taca
security/clamav: security fix

Pullup ticket #6572 - requested by taca
net/samba4: security fix

Pullup ticket #6573 - requested by nia
x11/xkeyboard-config: build fix

Pullup ticket #6574 - requested by taca
www/drupal7: security fix

Pullup ticket #6575 - requested by taca
mail/roundcube: security fix

Pullup ticket #6576 - requested by david
security/heimdal: build fix

Pullup ticket #6577 - requested by taca
net/samba4: security fix

Pullup ticket #6579 - requested by khorben
security/polkit: security fix

Pullup ticket #6578 - requested by bsiegert
textproc/expat: security fix

Pullup ticket #6579 - requested by khorben
security/polkit: security fix

Pullup ticket #6580 - requested by nia
www/firefox91: security fix

Pullup ticket #6581 - requested by nia
www/firefox91-l10n: dependent update

Pullup ticket #6581 - requested by nia
www/firefox91-l10n: dependent update

Pullup ticket #6582 - requested by nia
www/firefox91: security fix

Pullup ticket #6583 - requested by nia
www/firefox91-l10n: dependent update

Pullup ticket #6584 - requested by nia
databases/mariadb105-client, databases/mariadb105-server: security fix

Pullup ticket #6585 - requested by nia
databases/mariadb106-client, databases/mariadb106-server: security fix

Pullup ticket #6586 - requested by gutteridge
net/bind916: SunOS build fix

Pullup ticket #6587 - requested by taca
www/ruby-rails52: security fix

Pullup ticket #6588 - requested by taca
www/ruby-rails60: security fix

Pullup ticket #6589 - requested by taca
www/wuby-rails61: security fix

Pullup ticket #6590 - requested by taca
security/pear-Crypt_GPG: security fix (CVE-2022-24953)

Pullup ticket #6591 - requested by taca
lang/php80: security fix

Pullup ticket #6592 - requested by taca
lang/php81: security fix

Pullup ticket #6593 - requested by taca
lang/php74: security fix

Pullup ticket #6594 - requested by taca
www/ruby-rails70: security fix

Pullup ticket #6595 - requested by gutteridge
lang/python27: security fix (CVE-2021-4189, CVE-2022-0391)

Pullup ticket #6596 - requested by nia
chat/unrealircd: bugfix

